SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007

PREAMBLE

The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide
development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation
efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and
open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership with
others.

The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and
redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The fonts,
including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, redistributed and
sold with any software provided that any reserved names are not used by
derivative works. The fonts and derivatives, however, cannot be released
under any other type of license. The requirement for fonts to remain under
this license does not apply to any document created using the fonts.

DEFINITIONS

"Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright Holder
under this license and clearly marked as such. This may include source
files, build scripts and documentation.

"Reserved Font Name" refers to any names specified as such after the
copyright statement(s).

PERMISSION & CONDITIONS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify, and
redistribute the Font Software, subject to the following conditions:

1) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, may be bundled, redistributed
and/or sold with any software, provided that any reserved names are not used
by derivative works.

2) The Font Software, or any derivative works, may not be released under any
other license.

3) The requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply to
any document created using the Font Software.

DISCLAIMER

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF
COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

For the full license text and FAQ see: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL
